Add bindings scope blog post (#144)
bitcoindevkit/bitcoindevkit.org: docs/_blog/bindings-scope.md

<br/>

Over the past 2 years, the Bitcoin Development Kit team has been successful at building and releasing language bindings for our Rust library. In particular, over the past 18 months we have locked in and solidified our approach for the iOS, Android, Kotlin, Java, and Python bindings by using a Rust library called [Uniffi](https://github.com/mozilla/uniffi-rs).

Over the course of the year, we've had many requests to add to the bindings certain features that are not directly in the Rust BDK library. These request mainly break down into two groups:
1. Features that are part of crates "upstream" of BDK (rust-bitcoin, rust-miniscript)
2. Features that are not but that have Rust crates and would be useful on mobile (payjoin, coinjoin implementations, silent payments, BIP-47)

## Current architecture
The current architecture for the BDK bindings is more or less wrapping the bdk, rust-bitcoin, and rust-miniscript crates and exposing an API that allows users to leverage them similarly to how they would BDK in Rust if they were using it in a Rust project.

> While we started with a simplified version of the Rust BDK API, over time users asked for more and more functionality, and exposing some of the underlying rust-bitcoin constructs became important. This makes sense, and indeed users of the bitcoin development kit in Rust can access to all the related APIs by simply importing rust-bitcoin and rust-miniscript, hence our desire to accomodate these use cases as well. However, this is currently done all in one "bindings" library (i.e. if you import `bdk-android` in a project, you'll have access to an API that is mostly bdk-based, but also contains a bit of rust-bitcoin and rust-miniscript).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While we started with a simplified version of the Rust BDK API, over time users asked for more and more functionality, and exposing some of the underlying rust-bitcoin constructs became important. This makes sense, and indeed users of the bitcoin development kit in Rust have access to all the related APIs by simply importing rust-bitcoin and rust-miniscript, hence our desire to accommodate these use cases as well. However, this is currently done all in one "bindings" library (i.e. if you import `bdk-android` in a project, you'll have access to an API that is mostly bdk-based, but also contains a bit of rust-bitcoin and rust-miniscript).
```

Author: Sweet thanks for finding the typos!
